---
title: Here We Are
author: DerekNonGeneric
category: meta
---

Hello everyone! We're three friends passionate about building tools that empower
the open-source community. Welcome to the first entry in the OpenINF blog! Here,
we'll share updates about our journey, from the inception of OpenINF to the
exciting tools and projects we're developing.

OpenINF started with an idea: **How can we help open-source developers
aggregate, curate, disseminate, and apply information more effectively?** As we
explored this question, we realized the tools we envisioned weren't readily
available, so we created them ourselves.

Our flagship project, the **INF Development Kit (IDK)**, is a JavaScript toolkit
inspired by the modular and extensible principles of Brendan Eich's ideas for
JavaScript. It's designed to make building and expanding open-source projects
more straightforward and enjoyable.

We're in the early stages of development, crafting the foundational components
of IDK and laying the groundwork for future projects. Like any ambitious
project, OpenINF has its challenges &mdash; we're balancing development with our
day jobs and managing everything on a shoestring budget. But we're passionate
about this project's potential to make a difference in the open-source world.

We're eager to share our progress with you and the community. Your feedback will
be invaluable as we refine our tools and ensure they're as impactful as
possible. Over the coming weeks, we'll post updates about our development
process, challenges, and the milestones we're working toward.

This blog, like OpenINF itself, is a work in progress. You might notice the
occasional rough edge &mdash; code that needs updating or half-finished pages
&mdash; but that's all part of the journey. We appreciate your patience and
support as we continue to build.

Thank you for joining us on this adventure. We're excited to see what we can
create together! Stay tuned for more updates, and feel free to reach out &mdash;
we'd love to hear from you.
